come closer I want to talk to you I'm
gonna tell you an astounding story the
story of The Maltese Falcon 600 years
the Falken has carried the mystery of a
fabulous wealth Thunder it's grotesque
wings I could tell you a thousand tales
the men and women who have hunted this
evil bird but every story has the same
ending but listen to these incredible
people all consumed by their passionate
greed for the Maltese fortune what have
you ever given me besides money you ever
given me any of your confidence any of
the truth haven't you tried to buy my
loyalty with money and nothing else what
else is there I can buy you with
you
okay hulis who I won't play the SAP for
a good life I've been bad worse than you
could know
you
we were talking about a lot more money
than this better more of us to be taken
care of now that might be but I've got
the fork you me after Falcon but we
certainly have you are taking a low
riding from you I'm gonna take get up
and shoot it out now man the police will
be here any minute got talk oh how can
you accuse me of such a terrace isn't
the time for that schoolgirl act with
both of us sitting under the gallows